the chief of the police region of san
Martin confirmed that this morning the
police authorities of the province
of high amazonas yurimaguas and
representatives of the public ministry
they carried out the reconstruction of
murder of the businessmen of nes and
Martin Cardenas for diligence under
the strict security measures
main suspects pablos and kato
Anamá and José Paucar Guanxi were
led to the place where they found
If the lifeless bodies today in
very early hours
five and a half six in the morning with
the participation of the representative
public ministry and the people who
seem to be involved in the
commission of this criminal act what
which is the aggravated kidnapping with
Subsequent qualified homicide has
carried out the diligence of
reconstruction have been constituted
place of events where they have been
found the bodies and well we are
already on a good path to be able
conclude and finish finishing all
the participants and the mobiles that have
carried with them or that they have allowed
that criminals or people at
margin speak and comment on this fact
crimes or with the reconstruction of
facts the prosecution will have more elements
of conviction to request the
requirement of preventive detention and
accuse them for the alleged crime of
aggravated kidnapping with subsequent
qualified homicide
and all the information that we are going
collecting and all the proceedings and
the signs that are gathering
since the day on which the
complaint have allowed us to have a
significant progress in research
about this regrettable fact and which in
a few days I think that you already
we must already have the final conclusion in
which we are going to do in due course
know through the different
media
jesse walls in also announced that the
personnel specialized in criminology
has moved to the high may for
support in research on
bloody facts recorded in this
jurisdiction yes good the facts that
have produced as is from public
knowledge are forcing us to
reorient the activities of the police
in terms of police procedures
therefore it is the staff of the
criminal investigation division as well
how has he gone to support the
investigations in yurimaguas
I'm willing to go to a
group in charge of
capita minga to the police division of
Moyobamba to support the
diligences that is carrying out the
criminal investigation department
from moyobamba that will allow us as
It is already this notorious the advances that have
made the department of
criminal investigation that we already have
significant advances but nevertheless
there are proceedings that are about to conclude and
for which we are putting together a team
of joint work
we're
reorganizing also the department of
criminal investigation of moyobamba
we're
highlighting staff who have already had
the opportunity to work in other years
who have experience and definitely
we are waiting for the paintings that have been
sent to train new staff
recent staff so that
are also this one
group of troops that allow with the
experience of the ancients and
training to increase the
criminal investigation group in all
the police region in the next few hours
there would be more captures of people
involved in the murder of the
Businessmen Cardenas and his son
henry martín cárdenas